<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

codepen assignment: https://codepen.io/kyle-cardwell/pen/xxRMKXv?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            HTML with tags that have meaning for what they're being used for
    2. What is HTML used for?
            to organize a basic website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
            an attribute gives more info to a n HTML element.  It goes in the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            It's for the main Heading of a page.  It should only be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            img, link
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            title, meta, style, link, script
    7. What is an id?
            an attribute to give style to a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            most html tags
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        	1
    10. What is a class? 
            an attribute to give style to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
            most html tags
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
            As many as you need to
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            add target="_blank" to an <a> tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
            As a brief description of what the image is.  Text readers will read the description out loud
    15. How do I reference an id?
            use the # and the name of the id in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            a section is semantic, a div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            to style the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            in the CSS, type the element's name followed by curly braces: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            a class can be used multiple times, an id only once.  use a class to style multiple items the same, like all the <p>'s.  but use an id to make just one of the <p>'s be styled differently than the rest
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            use a "." and the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
            children are grouped within the parents.  You can specify the parent's style and all of the children will get the same style
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        	div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            it recognizes when the element is in a different state like when the mouse hovers over it
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height: 2;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing: 4px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border: 1px doted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
            * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            put the comment between /* and */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
            pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
            rm  It will prompt you to make sure you want to delete the file, it will just do it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            So you can track the changes you or others have made to the software/website
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            At least daily
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
            git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
            fork, clone, branch, do some work, add ., commit, push, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            block elements always start a new line and take up the full width possible, and has a top & bottom margin;  inline elements do not start a new line & only takes up the necessary space
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
            It gets positioned relative to its parent
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
            set the display to inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            block default: p, section, aside;  inline default: span, a;  inline-block default: img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
            each html element is basically wrapped in a box.  each element will have content, padding, border, and margin.  you can use box-sizing: border-box; in the body or html tag to include padding & border in all the element's widths